README.md, before:

# OS_google_clone
This is a google clone to practice on front-end skills. It is subject to update/tweaks with some JS

The Google search page was designed with only HTML and CSS with no fancy mods
This Project is aimed at taking a look on what the search page could look like if it had those fancy mods.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

So if you aare a beginner or intermediate web developer with a creative mind, by all means fork this project and 
mod it till you love it, add it to your portfolio or something.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Issues will be raised on this project.
Some of them are going to be ideas of what to add/remove to/from the page. Feel free to add your own ideas in
the issues tab. I'm sure I or some other interested potential contributor will work on it.
If there is any unclarity on any issue, be sure to comment on the issue ASAP. And I will respond ASAP.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Untill then Happy coding :)

Commit message:

Added GitHub pages link for this repository
added link https://os-the-person.github.io/OS_google_clone/ for live master preview

README.md, after:

# OS_google_clone
This is a google clone to practice on front-end skills. It is subject to update/tweaks with some JS

The Google search page was designed with only HTML and CSS with no fancy mods
This Project is aimed at taking a look on what the search page could look like if it had those fancy mods.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

So if you aare a beginner or intermediate web developer with a creative mind, by all means fork this project and 
mod it till you love it, add it to your portfolio or something.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Issues will be raised on this project.
Some of them are going to be ideas of what to add/remove to/from the page. Feel free to add your own ideas in
the issues tab. I'm sure I or some other interested potential contributor will work on it.
If there is any unclarity on any issue, be sure to comment on the issue ASAP. And I will respond ASAP.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I have set-up a github pages link for this repository https://os-the-person.github.io/OS_google_clone/

Untill then Happy coding :)
